readme.md, before:

# Repo for Wa-Tutor Cloud Functions
![Node.js CI](https://github.com/lucapaler/wa-tutors/workflows/Node.js%20CI/badge.svg)

### file structure

- functions
- - _sendNotification-flask
- - - *legacy flask function for sending app notification(s)*
- - setPin - Brett
- - - *HTML page for setting pin*
- - sendNotification - Luca
- - - *_@luca todo move notification code here_*
- - sendStripeCharge - Luca
- - - *_@luca todo move stripe code here_*
- - *index.js* imports functions and sets triggers
- - *package.json* 
- public
- - *bumper pages and whatnot*

## to deploy:
`todo put deploy code here`

## to setup project

### set up linter

If having issues, try copying .eslintrc.json into home directory
Then run `npm i -D eslint eslint-config-standard eslint-plugin-import eslint-plugin-node eslint-plugin-promise eslint-plugin-standard`

Tutorial if all else goes wrong: https://travishorn.com/setting-up-eslint-on-vs-code-with-javascript-standard-style-aa3ab75bcc1c

If still having issues, try resetting VS lint extension settings (especially `Node Path` `Package Manager` (set to npm) `Eslint: Debug`)

Commit message:

Add new sendNotification callable function
Fix ESLint setup to use Airbnb style guide and remove redundant
dependencies and files. Update README and fix formatting. Update all
files to pass ESLint action. Remove old Flask send_notification
function. Update Node to version 10 for compatibility with HTTP/2.

readme.md, after:

# Repo for Wa-Tutors Firebase Cloud Functions
![Build and Deploy Functions](https://github.com/lucapaler/wa-tutors/workflows/Build%20and%20Deploy%20Functions/badge.svg)

### File Structure

- functions
  - **setPin** - @stoddabr
    - *HTML page for setting pin*
  - **notifications** - @lucapaler
    - triggerIncomingCall *function and future push notifications functions.*
  - **stripe** - @lucapaler
    - createCharge *and* captureCharge *Stripe functions.*
  - *index.js* imports functions and sets triggers
  - *package.json*
- public
  - *Handling for Universal Links into WaTutors app.*

## to deploy:
- Functions:
  `firebase deploy --only functions`
- Hosting:
  `firebase deploy --only hosting`


## to setup project

### Test Functions
1. Generate a new [private key file](https://console.firebase.google.com/u/0/project/wa-tutors/settings/serviceaccounts/adminsdk) for the Firebase Admin SDK.
2. Set the `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` environment variable to the full path of the key file.
3. Copy server-side functions config into ./functions: `firebase functions:config:get > .runtimeconfig.json`
4. Start emulator: `firebase emulators:start --only functions`
5. In a separate CLI run: `firebase functions:shell`
6. In the future you should only need to run 5.

### set up linter

#### Ideally you should just need to run `yarn --ignore-engines` and you'll be alright.

If having issues, try copying .eslintrc.json into home directory
Then run `npm i -D eslint eslint-config-standard eslint-plugin-import eslint-plugin-node eslint-plugin-promise eslint-plugin-standard`

Tutorial if all else goes wrong: https://travishorn.com/setting-up-eslint-on-vs-code-with-javascript-standard-style-aa3ab75bcc1c

If still having issues, try resetting VS lint extension settings (especially `Node Path` `Package Manager` (set to npm) `Eslint: Debug`)
